The desire of supporting oneself is luring more and more college students to take part-time jobs outside of school, which has gradually become a trend throughout campus. Young people at this age have the need to prove that they are mature enough and can live on their own. However, when more college students are stepping out of the campus looking for real life, they don't realize that the temptations outside, the damage to their imagination, and the time and energy that they will need to devote to a job may actually jeopardize their minds. One of the disadvantages of taking part-time jobs during college is that students may be tempted by the material world. Different from campus life where everyone is the same, in the real world people are divided into different levels. College students, being somewhat egoistic and ambitious, would soon be tempted by power and social status and forget that they are still students. Moreover, beautiful clothes, delicious food, and luxurious cars can easily attract students' attention and lead them to chase after material things. One possible result is that students won't be able to sit in the classroom and focus on their subjects anymore, let alone spend years working on their research. In addition, taking part-time jobs would influence students to become more realistic and would take away their imaginations. While college students are dreaming of developing new technology and changing the world, business people in society are caring about how much profit they can make out of their investments. Students having experienced the real world tend to consider so much more than others, including money, advertising, and possibilities, etc. Gradually, their imaginations would be damaged. Then, we will only have a bunch of engineers instead of scientists. After all, students' priority is studying. Since taking a part-time job may mess with students' minds, ruin their imaginations, and waste their time and energy, students should not take the risk. Jobs will always be there. College students do not need to be in such a hurry to find employment.