Recently, there has been a hot debate arising whether taking a part-time job will benefit university students or not. Some people who advocate for having a casual job believe that it helps the students not only financially but also mentally. Other people argue that it is too hard for them to allocate the time to balance between study and work. In this essay, it will discuss both of advantages and disadvantages of having a part-time job. Firstly, there are various advantages to working part-time for university students, who will go into the outside world soon after graduation. The experience of working during their studies will make them better equipped with not only academics from school but also practice from their working experience. It will also give them freedom from financial dependency on their parents. Even though the amount of money they earn is not a lot, it will take some burden off of their parents' shoulders. Secondly, the most important output would be learning social skills by confronting or dealing with people outside of school. Through this kind of experience, university students will learn some skills that they cannot learn from textbooks. Interacting with people outside school will provide them with greater confidence and opportunities to see the real world. People standing against the argument, however, claim that most students will fail to allocate their time properly when balancing between study and work. Moreover, interacting with their peers is very crucial while they are still developing their character. For example, having money on their mind and thinking about everything in terms of monetary value will overshadow some valuable things in life, such as teaching poor children for free or doing volunteer work for underdeveloped countries. In conclusion, in my opinion, the advantages of working part-time outweigh the disadvantages greatly. However, we still cannot ignore the negative effects, so we should try to minimize the disadvantages to the greatest extent without sacrificing the advantages.