Recently, there is a hot debate arouse whether taking a part-time job will benefit university students or not. Some people who advocate the opinion of having a casual job believe that it helps the students in not only financial terms but also mental aspects. Other people argue that it is too hard for them to allocate the time to balance between study and work. In this essay, it will discuss both of advantages and disadvantages of having a part-time job. Firstly, there are various advantages to work part-time for university students who will get into the outside world soon after graduation. The experience of working during study will make them better equipped with not only academy from the school but also practice from working experience. It will also give freedom from financial dependency on their parents, even though the amount of money they earn is not quite a lot, that will take off some burden from their parent's shoulder. Secondly, the most important output would be learning social skills by confronting or dealing with outside people. Through this kind of experience, university students will learn some skills that they cannot learn from the textbooks. Interacting with people outside will provide them with a greater confidence and opportunities to see real world. People standing against the arguments, however, claims that the most of students will fail to allocate their time properly on balancing between study and work. Moreover, interacting with their peer students is very crucial while they are still developing their characteristics. For example, having a money mind that thinks everything in terms of money value will ignore some valuable things in life, such as teaching poor children for free or volunteer work for underdeveloped countries. In conclusion, in my opinion, advantages of part-time working outweigh the disadvantages greatly. However, we still cannot ignore the negative effects so we should try to minimize the disadvantages to the least extent without sacrificing advantages.