Nowadays, the number of smokers has increased dramatically whereby even small kids know how to smoke. If this situation continues without any remediation, the consequences will be unpredictable. Many of us know that smoking is a bad practice, but even with all the information that states the effects of smoking, why do some people still need to smoke? One of the common reasons that leads a person to smoke is that he or she wants to release stress. Some people believe that they will actually feel better and more relaxed after they have a cigarette. However, there are a lot of other methods that can be used to release stress such as listening to music and having a conversation with friends. Therefore, why do people still choose a foolish way to release stress since there are so many other alternative ways? Every year, our government spends billions of money to stop people from smoking, such as organizing smoking campaigns to educate the youngsters to avoid smoking. Our government even restricts the selling of cigarettes to all youngsters under the age of 18. However, is this really effective? No, the fact is we can still find lots of underage smokers. It seems that the efforts from the government to prevent people from smoking still need significant improvements. However, the most important thing is that the smokers have to start changing their thoughts about smoking and their behavior or else the efforts our government has made will still be useless. I believe education plays a role, but it should start with small children. As a result, the chance for that child to become a smoker in the future will be lower. In addition, another important factor that may affect whether a child becomes a smoker is the behavior of the parents; parents who are smokers increase the chance of the children in that particular family to become smokers too. In conclusion, there are no specific ways to control and stop people from smoking but there are some ways to prevent people from smoking. Make the earth better and give yourself a better life; say "No" to cigarettes and be against smoking starting from today.