Part-time job means a certain period of time put apart from studying text materials to students. Some people oppose the idea that college students take part-time jobs because they are abstracted. However, I strongly recommend students participate to such experiences. Doing part-time jobs, on contrary, has positive effects on their self-development. We often hear someone regard schools as ivory towers – a pretty elegant comparison. It is true that schools, maybe due to their location in suburbs or some other reasons, depart from the core of a city, a country or even globe. We students learn what books show us, learn about elites' ideas or stories, and accept the rules of a certain fields but we can hardly have chance to trust and testify what we learned is reliable or applicable in real situation. Part-time jobs add meaningful experiences for us to handle problems which are much more complicated than that learned from class. From success or failure, students improve their critical thinking ability and down-to-earth spirit at the same time. Lacking such experiences, a graduate will feel confused and helpless when they start a job and a new life. After the first step – do it, just do it, whether you succeed or fail, you will become more and more confident and visionary. Actually success will occur more and failure less. In addition, confidence building makes student willing to take responsibilities to take another tougher task. A virtuous cycle is constructed which bring benefits to work, family, even their whole life. Finally, Part-time jobs also strengthen student's resumes. Having done a similar job implies the interviewee knows what to do and how to do the job. Interviewers take this into great consideration. An experienced candidate means less training process and cost which interviewers prefer. Practice makes perfect. We need opportunities to transform our knowledge into our competence. Part-time jobs provide us with such opportunities. We take them, improve ourselves, do well jobs and feel better.