The desire of supporting oneself is luring more and more college students to take part-time jobs out of school, which has gradually become a fashion throughout campus. Young people at this age have the needs of proving that they are mature enough and can live on their own. However, when more college students are stepping out of the campus looking for real life, they don't realize that the temptations outside, the damage to their imagination and the time and energy they have devoted may actually jeopardize their mind. One of the disadvantages of taking part-time jobs in college years is that students may be tempted by the material world. Different from campus life where everyone is the same, people are divided into different levels in real world. College students, being some what ego and ambitious, would soon be tempted by power and social status and forget that they are still students. Also, beautiful clothes, delicious food and luxurious cars can easily attract students' attention and lead them to chase after materials. One possible result is that students won't be able to sit in the classroom and focus on their subjects any more not to say spending years doing their researches. Also, taking part-time jobs would form students into being realistic and take away students' imagination. While college students are dreaming of developing new technology and changing the world, business people in the society are caring about how many profits they can make out of the investment. Students having experienced the real world tend to consider so much more than others, including money, advertising and possibility, etc. Gradually, their imaginations would be damaged. Then, we only have a bunch of engineers in stead of scientists. After all, students' priority is studying. Since taking part-time job may mess with students' mind, ruin students' imagination and take out students' time and energy, students should not take the risk. Jobs will always be there. College students do not need to be in a hurry.