I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. One of the reasons is that harmful second-hand smoking can be spread out through central ventilation system in restaurants. Since most of restaurants are air-conditioned, air in restaurants is often recycled for a long period of time without filtration. If smoking is not completely banned at all restaurants, there is a higher possibility that some inconsiderate smokers will ignite their cigarettes inside restaurants. Because cigarettes will emit second-hand smoking, those second-hand smoking can be spread out via ventilation system. Prolong exposure of second-hand smoking will cause long-term respiratory diseases and harm non-smokers' health in long run. Therefore, for the sake of non-smokers' health, smoking should be completely prohibited in all restaurants. Also, prohibition of smoking in restaurants may prevent fire ignition. As we know that most of restaurants are not well-ventilated, it is dangerous to ignite the cigarettes without proper care of cigarettes. Fire accidents often occur when smokers accidentally ignite flammable objects. In particular, some inconsiderate smoker will throw away used cigarettes without extinguish the flame, if there are flammable objects nearby, there is higher possibility that those objects catch fire. In a serious case, if the petroleum gas bottles are placed, there will be fire explosion. In order to prevent fire accident and ensure the safety of other customers, it is suggested that smoking in all restaurants should be banned. To conclude, it is necessary to ban smoking in all restaurants as other non-smokers will suffer from the second-hand smoking. Since most of restaurants have central ventilation system, harmful second-hand smoking can be spread out, which in turn affect our respiratory system. Also, smoking prohibition can prevent fire. Most of fire accidents in restaurants happen when smokers forget to extinguish the flames. In order to ensure the safe environment in restaurants, it is essential to ban smoking in the restaurants.