"The students' duty is to focus on their studies," say most of the Koreans. This is why many Korean parents assume the responsibility to fully take care of their children in terms of finance. Indeed, many Korean university students rely on their parents for tuition, and they rarely find their own place. However, I believe university students should at least have a part-time job in order for them to have a pre-experience of the society and learn to effectively manage their finance. First, having a part-time job would provide students with an opportunity to become familiar to the real world prior to the occupations they would be devoted to in the future. For instance, they would actually do a job interview, negotiate their salary, cooperate with colleagues and witness how a business runs. These are experiences one cannot get in the classroom. Furthermore, the real world does not always operate as the textbook model, but involves countless unpredictable variables. By encountering various types of people and situations, students would be able to develop an ability to quickly adjust their decisions to cope with those matters. Second, through the experience of earning money for themselves, students would learn responsibility for their own expenditure and thereby develop a better sense of finance. Specifically, they learn the consequences of spending thoughtlessly when they are eventually forced to cut down on their budget to the extreme. They learn to be industrious when they save up for months to purchase an expensive product. In some cases, students even make successful investments and bring about a multifold increase of their asset. To sum up, having a part-time job injects into students a healthy idea of economy and helps them become a reasonable consumer. In conclusion, it is important for university students to have a part-time job because it provides a simplified version of working experience and financial management. A student needs to be as much worldly-wise as academically brilliant in order to successfully adapt to society.