Nowadays, the number of smokers has been increased dramatically whereby even small kids also know how to smoke. If this situation continues without any remediation, then the consequences will be unpredictable. Many of us know that smoking is a bad practice, but even with all the information that stated the effects of smoking, why do some of them still need to smoke? One of the common reasons that lead a person to smoke is he or she wants to release stress. Some of the people believe that they will actually feel better and relax after they have smoke. However, there are still lot of others method which can be used to release stress such as listening to the music, having a conversation with friends and so on? Therefore, why do people still choose the foolish way in releasing stress since there are so many other alternatives ways? Every year, our government keeps on spending billions and billions of money in order to stop people from smoking such as organizing smoking campaigns whereby the purpose is to educate the youngsters to avoid smoking. Our government even restricted for no selling cigarette to all under 18 youngsters. However, does this really effective? No, the fact is we still can find out that there are still lots of under age smokers. It seems that the efforts from the government to prevent people from smoking still need a large improvement. However, the most important thing is the smokers have to start changing their thinking about smoking and changing their behavior or else even with how much effort our government has put in, it is still useless. I believe education plays its roles, but it should be started when the child is still small. As a result, the percentage for that child to become a smoker in the future will be lower. In addition, another important factor that may affect a child to become a smoker is the behavior from the parents such as parents who are smokers will increased the chance of the children in that particular family to become smokers too. In conclusion, there is really do not have any specific ways in controlling and stopping people from smoking but there is some ways to prevent people from smoking. Make the earth better and give yourself a better life; say "No" to cigarette and be a part to against smoking start from today.