I think having a part-time job is important for college students, because in a part-time job we can learn many different experiences Some students just learn about his major, but others skills are very poor, for example, some students just know how to get along with books but don't know how to get along with person. In a part-time job, we can learn how to get along with boss, even can learn how to cooperate to get the work. And we also can absorb some different knowledge from jobs. For example, some job about sells, we have to know that the goods detail before our works, so we can learn some new knowledge. In the job, we can meet many different person, we can learn something special from each person. Last month I had a part-job, and I met one girl she teach me how to baking bread and cake, I think this knowledge is more important than money for me. Now, some students don't need money but get part-time job, because they want to learn something new that is school lack. More and more ways we can found a part-time job, use self's free time to learn something new, I think it's very good, and I think it is very important for college students, too. I think having a part-time job is important for college students, because in a part-time job we can learn many different experiences. Some students just learn about his major, but others skills are very poor, for example, some students just know how to get along with books but don't know how to get along with person. In a part-time job, we can learn how to get along with boss, even can learn how to cooperate to get the work. And we also can absorb some different knowledge from jobs. For example, some job about sells, we have to know that the goods detail before our works, so we can learn some new knowledge. In the job, we can meet many different person, we can learn something special from each person. Last month I had a part-job, and I met one girl she teach me how to baking bread and cake, I think this knowledge is more important than money for me. Now, some students don't need money but get part-time job, because they want to learn something new that is school lack. More and more ways we can found a part-time job, use self's free time to learn something new, I think it's very good, and I think it is very important for college students, too.