I agree with the topic that it is important for college students to have a part-time job because all the college students need to know how difficult it is to earn money, and this kind of experience can also be a reference that helps those people to know what they are lacking of; thus they may do jobs more smoothly in the near future. The average age when Taiwan college students graduate is 22; some of the students will keep learning in graduate school, and thus when they eventually finish their degrees, they are almost 25 years old. This phenomenon means that most of the parents in Taiwan need to support their children until they are 22~25. Due to the concept of an old Chinese idiom phrase "Every thing is lower than study", Parents in Taiwan want their children to study more (especially than other people) to find good jobs (generally means to do job inside the office with air conditioner rather than work outside under the sun. ) Therefore, most of the students often get money from their parents without any effort; when they finally graduate, most of them want the job that is easy, paid a lot, and that working place must be near home. However, the real situation is cruel in the society; those graduate students are actually the freshmen of the big society and need to learn a lot what the school did not (or could not)teach them. Thus, I think to get a part-time job when they are still students can be a kind of pre-learning of entering the society. During the process of earning money, they will understand how difficult to support them to live; in Taiwan the average salary of an hour's effort is 95 NT dollars, so if they do fifty hours a month, they will get 4750 NT dollars. However, the average cost of a meal in Taiwan is 50NT dollars; that is, they need at least 4500NT dollars for them to use on eating. Obviously it is really hard to live by themselves only; not to mention the cost of school fees, textbooks, and house renting. When they finally find out that actually money is really hard to earn, they start to grow up and think more about their plans of their future. Of course they can get some useful experience during doing the part-time jobs such as learning how to understand others' feeling and thinking especially of bosses and customers-which is the most important of all in the world of working. Therefore, to have a part-time job is indeed important for college students because it will help them understand how difficult to earn money is, and thus be more harmonious when entering the world of working because they have already known that there are still a lot for them to learn, and thus help them to work smoothly.